welcome to tarla dalal's kitchen i chef
pal today we'll be showing you an
unusual salad recipe from the Lebanese
cuisine named fattoush salad
Sall is a great combination of cucumber
tomatoes lettuce onions and many more
and also addressing all this is then
this recipe but what is unusual about
this recipe is that we are going to use
pita bread yes you heard it right in the
recipe of a salad so let's see how it is
made
we gotta start by making first the bread
cubes for that have taken a pita bread
which is available everywhere what you
have to do is lightly brushed olive oil
on both the sides and we'll put this on
a hot lava and we'll cook it till
they're little crisp and golden brown in
color
you can also bake it if you wish to some
people also deep-fry these pieces so all
you have to do is cut them into cubes
and deep-fry them make sure you press it
a little so it gets a little crispier so
now all you have to do is cut them into
cubes
so we will keep this aside and we'll
proceed in making the dressing the main
ingredient in any salad some olive oil
lemon juice lots of it
lots of some finely chopped garlic it's
not very fond of garlic you can either
omit it or reduce it but trust me the
salad without garlic won't taste that
great salt and some pepper powder and we
will mix this one so our dressing is
ready now the final step is tossing us
sand so for that will take some cucumber
cubes some tomato cubes Abdi's heated
them and cut them into cubes we will add
some iceberg lettuce don't chop them
just drop me tear them some capsicum
cubes lots of finely chopped parsley
lots of finely chopped spring onion
greens chopped mint leaves some spring
onion whites which I have sliced them
then our dressing and now finally the
bread pieces and we will toss this one a
salad has been tossed well let's of it
immediately so a Lebanese salad fattoush
is now ready if you like that crunch in
your salad
make sure you deep-fry the pita bread
cubes serve this immediately and I'm
sure everybody will relish it
download the terlalu
app on your Apple and Android devices
follow us on the Facebook and Tlatelolco
if you enjoy a recipes click like to see
more of my recipes click here please
share your comments I would love to hear
them and waiting for them